Todo Today (10/12):

Code quality is key in C9


Meet w/ Aaron re: Fabric team stuff
ForeSee prototype for review
Love List/Valentine's Day reqs meeting


Moving layouts/girds into Fabric
What can't be moved into components? Features? Anything used in multiple places?


Boutique questions:
Do we have different sort/filters on different tabs, or do they carry over? -Probably not
Do the preference selectors stay the same as they are now?
Lazy Load vs. Load More button
No pinned filter bar
Save scroll position -No
Brand filter (tabs) pin to the top on scroll
Zero results?
Show tab based on where she's coming from
How do we get Preference selections to update results?


C9:
CI/CD FEWD Initiatives!

70% FEWD
25% Biz initiatives
5% Other

MGT:
App loyalty
VS/PINK Account merge
Valentine's Day asks
Other

FEWD:
Remove Amaze (80% estimated, going to JIRA next week)
Move non-Fabric UI into Fabric (be aware of other teams' work, stub out data and document contracts)
Increase unit test coverage
SVG system
Refactor FE MVC (Boutiques, Lovelist) (part of non-fabric UI)
Mind time (brainstorming)

No product teams
Functional teams (focused on initiatives) instead
WCAG Team, Fabric team, testing/coverage team
Teams will be figured out next week(?)

Teams:
Alex - Framework w/ Anthony/Nicole - Virtual DOM, linkable state, SPA improvements, routing
Jeremy - Fabric SVG w/ Joey, Brian/Sundar - Make sure SVG system is ready to be implemented
Paul - Store Locator w/ Sheel, Brian, Raj, Chris D. - Aiming for 100% coverage on Store Locator page

Store Locator Team
XL - Sheel - Paul - Brian, Raj, Chris D.
Metrics Integration Testing, JS Unit Testing, WCAG Unit Testing, UI Integration Testing, Performance Testing, (CI Pipeline)

Maybe switch w/ Scott to Fabric v2 team
XXL - George - Paul/Aaron - Cory, Rachel, Chris S.
layout, features, masthead, footer, lazy loading, scroll listener, misc improvements, browser sync(?)
We will need to make decisions about data w/ BE so that everything is done done
What is a component? When is it static vs dynamic? How do we go about building them from non-fabric?
Explore web components & shadow DOM
See Styleguide > Creating Fabric, About
Explore BEM, Twitter Bootstrap, Polymer (see Peter's FB post)


ForeSee POC
<a> tag
click event
update window.location
import ForeSee code


Love List
Add feature to Love List header (maybe expose share dialogue, maybe something else) (VSDP-28042)
Update email
Update social post data
Add reminder to select attributes when sharing (VSDP-28176)

Todo:
Define requirements & subtask
Find out about how email and social code works (Sam?)
Questions:
	Are the ftl files the correct templates for the LL emails? (yes)
	Do we need to do anything special to update them? (VSDWEB process)
	Can we show Love List items in the email? (availability, restrictions, etc.)
	Do we need to do anything special to update social stuff?
	What does a recipient see if items are no longer available on a shared LL?
	Where does the shared LL page code live?
Compare w/ product share on PDP


Standardize the "page" template (decommission #wrapper, replace with layouts)
elements > components > patterns (variations with regular culling)
how to have different versions/variations/extensions
where do features belong
Extend: multiples break it
Variations: Duplication, inconsistency
Configure: heavy, complex
Is there a time where the context in which a feature exists should influence it?


Today:
ForeSee POC
Touchbase
Fabric Subtasking
Set up subtasking meeting w/ Jeremy


Fv2:
Decommission #wrapper
Layouts: full-width, group row, grids
Fabric masthead/footer
Subtasks by EOD Friday
I am doing VSDP-28465 - Rich media components


Touchbase
Can we check time on the FE to control functionality?
